NO POLITICS ALLOWED NOW IN /R/HEALTH
Dr. Julius Youngner, Polio Vaccine Pioneer, Dies at 96
Johnson &amp; Johnson to pay US woman US$110m in suit linking its baby powder, shower talc to cancer
Psychotic manifestations in brain tumour patients: 2 case reports from South Africa
Deadly infection spread by contaminated heart surgery machines - "People undergoing heart surgery may be getting infected with a deadly strain of bacteria, spread by machines used to cool blood."
Unfounded Autism Fears Are Fueling Minnesota's Measles Outbreak
Here Is What's In The House-Approved Health Care Bill
Bone Marrow Donors: Heroes who give &amp; heroes who fight the scary myths
Letting a baby play on an iPad might lead to speech delays, study says - released Thursday and being presented at the 2017 Pediatric Academic Societies Meeting
Immune war with donor cells after transplant may wipe out HIV - "Six more people with HIV and cancer who have been treated in the same way as Brown now seem to have no trace of the virus in their system... all six developed graft-versus-host disease."
Dr. Rhonda Patrick explores fasting, nootropics, microbiome, sauna, cold exposure, aging &amp; more on Tim Ferriss' latest podcast.
In Minnesota's worst measles outbreak, a battle of beliefs over vaccines
Doxycycline, an old and safe antibiotic, could be repurposed to prevent neurodegeneration in Parkinson models and be effective as a neuroprotector at low doses, through a novel target.
Research shows illegal levels of arsenic found in baby foods
Top promoted drugs were less likely than top selling and top prescribed drugs to be effective, safe, affordable, novel, and represent genuine advance in treating a disease. Clinicians should question value of drugs most heavily promoted by pharmaceutical manufacturers before prescribing them.
2013 Will See the End of NHS Homeopathy Hospitals in England.
Counting calories-out may be less reliable than you think
The Majority of Bottled Waters are Acidic-Effects on our Digestive System?
Gluten-free diets shouldn't be promoted to prevent heart disease among people without celiac disease, gastroenterologists say after a large U.S. study
A study by one of the nation’s largest insurers has found that its affiliates are spending 73 percent more on prescription drugs than in 2010, and the majority of those expenses are on brand drugs, despite a growing acceptance of generic drugs across the country.
Five Scientific Facts: Links between Autism and Vaccines?
Gaining Weight In Middle Age? It's This Molecule's Fault, Scientists Say
NIH Study Takes the Deepest Dive Yet Into Baffling Condition
Healthy Eating Linked to Lower Likelihood of Depression - U.S. adults who report eating healthy all day "yesterday" are 34.1% less likely to currently have depression than those who say they did not eat healthy.
Scientists have eliminated HIV in mice using CRISPR
I tried bone broth for a week: Here's what happened
Today, even US water is overly medicated—these scientists want to change that
Experts warn of increases in tick-borne Powassan virus
A Year After Approval, Gene-Therapy Cure Gets Its First Customer - GlaxoSmithKline says it has treated a child with Strimvelis, its gene therapy for immune deficiency.
Doctors have finally found a more accurate way than BMI to determine whether your weight is healthy - "On Monday, a team of Mayo Clinic researchers released the Body Volume Indicator, or BVI"
Antibiotic resistance has a language problem: A failure to use words clearly undermines the global response to antimicrobials' waning usefulness. Standardize terminology, urge Marc Mendelson and colleagues.
Population scale data revealed that patients who received ketamine had significantly lower frequency of reports of depression than patients who took any other combination of drugs for pain, and had significantly lower frequency of reports of pain and opioid induced side effects.
Is it really possible to live until you're 146? The science of ageing - Scientists doubt that extreme natural longevity is feasible. But if lifespan is ruled by a genetic ‘clock’, that view could change
Is The GOP Health Bill Morphing Into Yet Another Big Federal Program?
Simply put: Vaccination saves lives
Why You Should Probably Reconsider Your Gluten-Free Diet Unless You Really Need It
In some states, 80 percent of kids with lead poisoning don’t get tested: Under-testing and underreporting of childhood blood lead levels is “endemic” in many states, according to a study
Breakthroughs against Cancer, Sickle-Cell Anemia and Rotavirus Disease
Ground-breaking stem cell treatment for multiple sclerosis has man running again
Restricting Pharmaceutical Reps’ Marketing Tactics Changes Physician Prescribing Behavior
Crave Sugar? Maybe It's in Your Genes
“Exercise-in-a-pill” boosts athletic endurance by 70 percent
Are you a teen/young adult ages 16-21 with a pediatric rheumatic disease or a parent of a teen/young adult ages 16-21 with a pediatric rheumatic disease?
1 in 5 Women With UTIs Are Still Being Told There's Nothing Wrong With Them - New study shows the current standard test for urinary tract infections is failing to detect the culprit bacteria in at least 1/5 of cases, leaving many patients without necessary treatment.
Two Fungal Species Cooperate to Synthesize an Antibiotic - "block the growth of several Gram-positive bacteria, like MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) as well as the bacteria that cause strep throat (Streptococcus pyogenes) and anthrax (Bacillus anthracis)."
Anyone here tried these 5 heart disease tests?
The first ‘artificial pancreas’ systems are coming to market
May is the month to spread awareness for Guillain Barre Syndrome.
Types And Distribution of Payments from Industry to Physicians
Canadians spent $22.1B on alcohol last year, StatsCan says
Researchers found for the first time that the use of low-dose aspirin at least three times a week reduces the risk of breast cancer in women with the most common breast cancer subtype.
Alternate-day fasting has become increasingly popular but no long-term randomized clinical trials have evaluated its efficacy. A randomized clinical trial over 1 year found that alternate-day fasting does not produce superior weight loss or weight maintenance compared with daily calorie restriction.
Amazon Vendors Are Selling Expired Plan B - Customers are buying tampered contraception on the site &amp; Amazon has yet to inform them.
US researchers eliminate HIV infection in ‘humanised’ mice
Tick-Borne Powassan Virus May Be Spreading, Experts Worry
Whole Foods CEO John Mackey Shares the Diet that Got Him Back to His Teenage Weight
Nunavut man killed by RCMP after live streaming that he wanted to 'die by police'
The Sleep Cure: The Fountain of Youth May Be Closer Than You Ever Thought
The Link Between Alcohol and Breast Cancer Is Stronger
People think juice is good for them. They’re wrong.
The majority of women suffering with pain when urinating, or needing to urinate often or urgently probably do have a bacterial infection, even when nothing is detected by standard urine testing.
New research from the University of Iowa shows children lack the perceptual judgment and motor skills to cross a busy road consistently without putting themselves in danger until age 14, with accident rates as high as 8% with 6-year-olds.
Young American children eat more fries than vegetables
Artificial Pancreas Benefits Young Children, UVA Trial Shows - "automatically monitor and regulate blood-sugar levels, eliminating the need for people with Type 1 diabetes to stick their fingers to check their blood sugar frequently and manually inject insulin."
Rethinking antibiotic use in early pregnancy: Some linked to miscarriage
As Zika season approaches, states step up efforts to combat virus
Parasitic worms are cropping up in raw seafood
Those TV Drug Ads Distract Us From The Medical Care We Need
A generation of heroin orphans
He saved 17 people who OD’d — but police want to jail him | Toronto Star
Silicon Valley's elite are flocking to an extreme high-fat diet in hopes of living longer
Lack of vaccinations considered a factor in recent measles outbreak
Aspirin May Prevent Cancer from Spreading, New Research Shows: In addition to relieving headaches and preventing heart attacks, the drug seems to keep malignant cells from spreading
Investors to Big Ag: Stop Breeding Superbugs
Unemployment associated with 50% higher risk of death in heart failure patients
Rent-a-womb trade goes cross-border in parts of Indochina
The Alarming Rise of HPV-Related Throat Cancer in Men
Compared With Usual Sodium Intake, Low- and Excessive-Sodium Diets Are Associated With Increased Mortality: A Meta-Analysis | American Journal of Hypertension | Oxford Academic
'The enemy of my enemy is my friend:' Couple turns to viruses to beat back superbug
Researchers used CRISPR technology to rewire stem cells' genetic circuits to produce an anti-inflammatory arthritis drug when the cells encounter inflammation. The technique eventually could act as a vaccine for arthritis and other chronic conditions.
4 Reasons Why Hugs Are Good for Your Health
"Lower sodium excretion was associated with higher CVD mortality."
Artificial intelligence-based algorithm with deep learning can be used to automatically identify, with high reliability, which patients should be referred to an ophthalmologist, for complications of diabetes that affects the eyes potentially causing blindness, with accuracy rate of 94%.
Childhood Stress. How bad parenting can knock 20 years off your life
Scientists generated cartilage tissue by printing stem cells using a 3-D-bioprinter. The stem cells survived being printed in this manner and were influenced to multiply and differentiate to form chondrocytes (cartilage cells) in the printed structure.
Nutrient in meat and eggs may play role in blood clotting, heart attack risk
Sergio Canavero: A Revolution in Medicine -- "Prof. Sergio Canavero, a neurosurgeon from Torino, Italy, intends to write medical history: he is planning the world's first transplantation of a human head."
Supply of yellow fever vaccine on pace to run out by summer
Anti-vaccine groups step up outreach to Minnesota Somali families
That viral 'diet drinks cause dementia' story reveals a bigger problem with how science gets reported
High cholesterol has benefits, what do you think?
Monoclonal antibody therapy
Good cardiovascular health helped a teenager come out of a 40-day flu induced coma
Psychedelic compound in ecstasy moves closer to approval to treat PTSD - A promising treatment that uses MDMA could help people suffering with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Kindergartner Vaccinations Rising In San Diego County After State Law Change
E-cigarettes may have reduced tumor promoter activity compared to conventional cigarettes and therefore may provide a safer alternative to cigarettes, finds the first study to use the Bhas assay to compare tobacco and nicotine products.
Maternal grandmother smoking in pregnancy is associated with an increased in prevalence of two autistic traits (poor social communications and repetitive behaviors), and diagnosed autism, in the grandchild, based on an initial sample size of 14,541.
New, deadlier trend in the raging opioid epidemic: Elephant tranquillizer - It’s 10,000X stronger than morphine, 100X stronger than fentanyl, and on the rise.
Measles outbreak prompts vaccination message from Kandiyohi County health officials
1.2 million children in the US have lead poisoning. We’re only treating half of them.
Thunderclap: Stroke Awareness Month 2017
House Passes GOPcare, which will cut all Obamacare dedicated public health funding.
Although new tuberculosis (TB) cases are declining, TB/HIV co-infections are up 40% across Europe over the last five years [WHO news, 20 Mar 2017]
Scotland first in UK to approve anti-HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for prescription on National Health Service [National AIDS Trust, 10 Apr 2017]
[US Department of Health &amp; Human Services] Determination and declaration regarding emergency use of injectable treatments for nerve agent or certain insecticide (organophosphorus and/or carbamate) poisoning [Federal Register, 17 Apr 2017]
Return on investment of public health interventions: a systematic review — “This review suggests that local and national public health interventions are highly cost-saving. Cuts to public health budgets therefore represent a false economy” [J Epidemiol Community Health, 29 Mar 2017 — free full-text]
[England] Update on HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) impact trial in England [Public Health England, 10 Apr 2017]
[UK] Overwhelming support from GPs &amp; dentists for boys to receive the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination [HPV Action, 24 Apr 2017]
Two consecutive large outbreaks of Salmonella Muenchen linked to pig farming in Germany, 2013 to 2014: Is something missing in our regulatory framework? [Eurosurveillance, 4 May 2017 — free full-text]
West Nile virus surveillance in Europe: moving towards an integrated animal-human-vector approach [Eurosurveillance, 4 May 2017 — free full-text]
More Salt In School Lunch, Less Nutrition Info On Menus: Roll Back on Food Rules
Think globally, act locally
Is the decline in smoking more often accredited to legislation or education?
Local Elementary School Millipede Infestation
Graduated with a BA in healthcare administration. What now?
Question about potential new job with lower title than I have now
Health department interview
Undergrad Path for MPH
Early outbreak detection by linking health advice line calls to water distribution areas retrospectively demonstrated in a large waterborne outbreak of cryptosporidiosis in Sweden [BMC Public Health, Apr 2017 — free full-text]
The role of diseases, risk factors and symptoms in the definition of multimorbidity – a systematic review [Scand J Prim Health Care, Jun 2016 — free full-text]
MBA vs MPA for Healthcare Administration?
As Minnesota confronts its second measles outbreak in seven years, public health officials are battling to contain the disease while also trying to educate parents in the face of an organized opposition [Star Tribune, 28 Apr 2017 — free-to-read]
I was recently part of a debate filled with healthcare professionals from around the USA to "STOP THE SILENT KILLERS in the USA" ( Diabetes, High Cholesterol and Heart problems) this is what we came up with
Epidemiologist in government, what was your career path?
NIAID perspective: Yellow fever — once again on the radar screen in the Americas [NEJM, 13 April 2017 — free full-text]
U.S. Supply Of Yellow Fever Vaccine Will Run Out By Midsummer
Defining the complex phenotype of severe systemic loxoscelism (Brown recluse spider envenomation) using a large electronic health record cohort [PLoS ONE, 19 Apr 2017 — free full-text]
MPH, statistics, and epi: should have gone for BS?
I wonder how much taxes and educational campaigns had to do with this
Low undergrad GPA but relevant extracurriculars- should I take time before applying to MPH?
Best online course for R/STATA/SAS?
Contact investigation after a fatal case of extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in an aircraft, Germany, July 2013 [Eurosurveillance, 23 Mar 2017 — free full-text]
Three cases of mcr-1-positive colistin-resistant Escherichia coli bloodstream infections in Italy, August 2016 to January 2017 [Eurosurveillance, 20 Apr 2017 — free full-text]
Boston University vs. NYU vs. GWU MPH
Indistinguishable NDM-producing Escherichia coli isolated from recreational waters, sewage, and a clinical specimen in Ireland, 2016 to 2017 [Eurosurveillance, 13 Apr 2017 — free full-text]
Whether or Not to Pursue a Master of Public Health
Any suggestion innovative technology on chronic disease ?
Preventive Medicine for the Planet and Its Peoples
Brown MPH vs Boston University MPH
Injuries from violence in England and Wales fell “substantially” in 2016, an annual study of people treated in accident and emergency (ER) units suggests [BBC, 26 Apr 2017]
My brother's first published article: "Neglected no more: ending trachoma, an infectious eye disease rooted in poverty"
Study cites factors linked to suicide in the young: Researchers say interventions should come earlier in life for disadvantaged children [HealthDay news, 20 Apr 2017]
Childhood adversity and risk of suicide: cohort study of 548,721 adolescents and young adults in Sweden [BMJ, 19 Apr 2017 — free full-text]
Traveling and PH?
Need some direction...
Best language to learn for public health?
Physical Therapy or MPH (Epidemiology/Biostatistics) or a Phd (In Movement Science)
Are there any Public Health jobs that could be done from home?
Is CPH credential something important?
Public Health Practice Test Help
GWU or Boston University for MPH
Are macs or PCs more common in public health/epi?
Surgeon General forced to resign
NIH funds seven international centers of excellence for malaria research: The awards fund three new and four existing centers that work in 14 countries [NIH/NIAID, 21 Apr 2017]
Career at WHO - PhD?
Diagnosis and management of Borrelia turicatae (tick-borne relapsing fever) infection in febrile soldier, Texas, USA [Emerg Infect Dis., May 2017 — free full-text]
Desperately seeking help: résumé critique?
Letters of Recommendation - help!
CDC recommendations for diagnosing and managing Shigella strains with possible reduced susceptibility to ciprofloxacin [CDC Health Alert Network, 18 Apr 2017]
Question /request for info on: Augmenting a MPH with a graduate certificate
Community mitigation guidelines to prevent pandemic influenza — United States, 2017 [CDC MMWR, Apr 2017 — free full-text]
An unexpected fatal Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever (CCHF) case and management of exposed health care workers [Int J Infect Dis., Feb 2017 — free full-text]
Major emerging vector-borne zoonotic diseases of public health importance in Canada [Emerg Microbes &amp; Infect., Jun 2015 — free full-text]
Exposure risk for infection and lack of human-to-human transmission of Mycobacterium ulcerans disease (Buruli ulcer), Australia [Emerg Infect Dis., May 2017 — free full-text]
Decided that I don't want to go to med school anymore and want to pursue a degree in public health...
Nonadherence with employer-mandated sleep apnea treatment and increased risk of serious truck crashes [Sleep, May 2016 — free full-text via PMC]
Geographic Differences in Temporal Incidence Trends of Hepatitis C Virus Infection Among People Who Inject Drugs: The InC3 Collaboration
Reuters Investigates: Lead’s hidden toll is felt across L.A.
How to make myself competitive for epidemiology MS?
Fixing fentanyl means treating trauma that creates addicts
Are we perpetuating stigma by vigorously protecting PI of PWHIV?
Is it about time we reconsider the 2000 calorie diet for the average American considering our very sedentary lifestyle?
Work in public health, admitted into DO programs...not sure what I want to do
Smoking to kill 200 million in China this century: WHO
Genetic epidemiology vs Biostatistics (Statistical Genetics)
Companion animals as a source of viruses for human beings and food production animals (review) [J Comp Pathol., Jul 2016 — free full-text]
Is Deepak Chopra Right? Does this paper suggest modern medicine is usually wrong?
Inhibitory antibodies targeting emerging viruses: Advancements and mechanisms (review) [Clin Vaccine Immunol., Jul 2016 — free full-text]
Smoking causes one in 10 deaths worldwide, study shows
Public Health major, or Communications with a Specialization in Health and Wellness, for someone who wants to educate/promote health both via classes &amp; writing?
Why are so many centennarians also smokers?
MPH: Location or Name?
Why Some Opioid Addicts Overdose on a Diarrhea Drug
Sufficiency of B.A. in Health Sciences for bachelors-level careers in Public Health?
Ideas for a public health sign for the March for Science in D.C.?
Viral Podcast Episode 6: Public Health Fellowships
SARS Shock Led to Better Public Health in China
Populism &amp; The Vaccine Debate - in response to 'Influenza Vaccine Effectiveness Against Pediatric Deaths: 2010–2014'
ewwww - bat reportedly found in packaged salad
RR vs AR
Diversity within Latino population may require more nuanced public health approaches
General MPH degree, biostats aspirations
[Meta] Appeal for Mods - start a weekly degree/academic program discussion sticky
Negotiating better discounts for DAA therapy is critical to achieve HCV elimination by 2030 - Dore &amp; Grebely
If I will be studying general MPH, what courses/skills should I take to be as competitive as someone who specialized in health management or epidemiology?
Legitimately probable cancer cluster: next steps? Should I work informally to notify cohort?
Health information student looking to transition
Anyone have any information on One Health Master's degrees?
MPH scholarships and how to find them?
MPH
Modern hygiene is reducing our bodies contact with pathogens which may be resulting in a weaker immune system.
There are diseases hidden in ice, and they are waking up - Long-dormant bacteria and viruses, trapped in ice and permafrost for centuries, are reviving as Earth's climate warms
“Smart Contact Lens Sensor” for Diabetic and Glaucoma Diagnosis - "A recent study, affiliated with UNIST has proposed the possibility of in situ human health monitoring simply by wearing a contact lens with built-in wireless smart sensors."
There’s a federal law to lower drug prices—and Louisiana may just use it - The federal patent law could help the state save tens of millions on a single drug.
Medical scientists report on the impact climate change is having on health - A new report breaks down climate impacts on health by US region
Tick researchers found Powassan virus in these Maine towns
Why Taste Buds Dull As We Age - "You're born with roughly 9,000 taste buds, and they're very good at regenerating — which is why you can recover the ability to taste just days after burning your tongue. But that changes as we age."
Powassan Virus Is the Scary New Reason to Avoid Ticks - It can cause dangerous inflammation in the brain &amp; may be transmitted to humans much faster than Lyme.
Bacteria Are More Threatening Than Ever - The stories are harrowing: people with simple cuts can end up with life-threatening, &amp; sometimes even life-ending, infections. Some 2 million people in US become infected with bacteria that can’t be treated by antibiotics.
Almost half of baby rice food products contain illegal levels of inorganic arsenic despite new regulations set by the EU, finds the Institute for Global Food Security, based on comparing the level of arsenic in urine samples among infants who were breast-fed or formula-fed before and after weaning.
For Moms With Depression.
Measles outbreak rages after anti-vaccine groups target vulnerable community
Vaccinated vs. Unvaccinated: Guess who is Sicker? (I was really hoping to garner a discussion, as my 6-yr olds are vaccinated sans any problems)
The Lyme Wars: Meet The Players
Mosquito sample tests positive for West Nile Virus in Schuykill County
16 US children hospitalized with gunshot wounds each day
Eating bogies (boogers) is good for teeth and overall health, scientists conclude
Does anyone have experience with CUNY's MPH program?
Future in Healthcare Administration/Career Prospects
Career prospects for a public health major, with a concentration in health administration
Researchers cure diabetes in mice without side effects - "Researchers at the University of Texas Health San Antonio report they have essentially cured type 1 diabetes in laboratory mice by using gene transfer."
My nephew has cancer, donate to his badass hospital so they can help more bad ass kids like him. Thank you.
Online suicide game prompts MOE advisory
Aunt Jemima frozen pancakes, waffles recalled
Doctors warn Minnesota measles outbreak still "early" as cases increase
Chickenpox Outbreak Reported at San Diego-Area Charter School
What Is Gray Death? The Killer Drug Cocktail Is Latest Battle in War Against Opioids
Degree in Health Education and Promotion with a Focus in Public Health?
India gas tanker leak sends 200 students to hospital
Fathers who interact more with their children in their first few months of life could have a positive impact on their baby's cognitive development.
Tests Show Monsanto Weed Killer in Cheerios, Other Popular Foods | HuffPost
The odds of a drug having a significant safety issue after winning FDA approval are nearly 1 in 3, study finds
New defence mechanism against bacteria discovered
Everything You Need To Know About The American Healthcare Act
More work and less parent-child time could increase their child’s weight
Nearly 1 in 3 drugs found to have safety concerns after FDA approval
Guns, car crashes and drugs cut US male life expectancy by a year, research says
Eating Full-Fat Cheese Won’t Raise Chance Of Heart Attack Study Finds
Eating cheese does not raise risk of heart attack or stroke, study finds: Consumption of even full-fat dairy products does not increase risk, international team of experts says
Study: Side effects emerge after approval for many US drugs
A Shot against Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - Tweaking the gut microbiome may hold promise for fighting stress, anxiety
Faecal transplants could cause recipients to take on donors' traits: expert - "presented evidence of the unusual side-effects to specialists at the Royal Australasian College of Physicians congress in Melbourne."
Is grandparents' old-school parenting putting kids at risk? Grandparents who step in for child care tend to use the same practices they did when they were parenting, but some of them may be outdated, putting their grandchildren at risk, according to a new study.
Alcohol And The Brain's Effect On The Urge To Drink Liquor
Jitters - A Cognitive Behavioral Therapy App
Why Everything We Know About Salt May Be Wrong
Anti-vaccine 'propaganda' is driving Minnesota's measles outbreak
Common High Blood Pressure Myths
Increased cancer rate in US linked to bad environment - Improving the worst environments in the US could prevent 39 in every 100,000 cancer deaths.
Low-dose cannabinoid THC restores memory and learning in old mice
Your Boss Is Not More Stressed Out Than You, Science Says - According to the study, people lower on the corporate ladder are more stressed than people higher up. Worse, the elevated stress continues into retirement.
The Simple Reason Exercise Enhances Your Brain
U.S. life expectancy varies by more than 20 years from county to county
The CDC mapped out where people with cancer live in the US — here's what it found
A guide to neglected tropical diseases prioritised by the World Health Organisation
Minnesota measles outbreak: Officials say Somali families 'targeted with misinformation' — the number of measles cases neared 50.
‘I don’t know who I am without it’: the truth about long-term antidepressant use - Prescriptions have doubled in a decade, but very little is known about the effect of taking SSRIs for years and years. Is it a lifesaver or a happiness trap?
Your Zip Code Is One of the Strongest Indicators of When You'll Die
Science Confirms Airplanes Are Vile Canisters of Germs
Heart Attack - 4 Major Red Flags To Know
Tobacco company flags appeal over plain packaging - British American Tobacco has suggested an appeal is likely amid reports that the World Trade Organization (WTO) has upheld landmark Australian laws on cigarette plain packaging.
More than half of UK vapers 'have given up smoking'
Lyme: Would a disease by any other name be easier to treat?
Parents Aren't Good Judges of Food Allergies - "A total of 94 kids were used in a double blind study. They were given various foods which they might be allergic to. Only nine of the 94 actually had a food allergy."
Parents who succeeded in offering their child five pieces of praise each day, alongside catching their child’s good behaviour, saw an improvement in the child’s wellbeing when compared to a control group.
Life expectancy differs by 20 years between some US counties
Want to understand Pruvit's Keto OS? The BRIGHT way to Keto.
Cinnamon may lessen the risk of cardiovascular damage of a high-fat diet by activating the body’s antioxidant and anti-inflammatory systems and slowing the fat-storing process, according to a preliminary animal study.
Trying to find the best detox/cleansing methods out there. These seem to be particularly helpful
Cotton tip applicators are sending 34 kids to the emergency department each day
Baking Soda can prevent the development of CANCER ?
France bans extremely thin models
FDA approves first new drug for ALS treatment in 22 years
Is It Better to Sleep In Or Work Out?
This is the No. 1 reason Americans file for bankruptcy - medical debt
50 Health Issues That Count as a Pre-existing Condition
Minnesota Sees Largest Outbreak of Measles in Almost 30 Years
Twitter permanently bans 'pharma bro' Martin Shkreli. The news comes months after Shkreli's account was suspended.
'Unnecessary' painkillers could leave thousands addicted, doctors warn
Does baby powder cause cancer? Jury awards $110M
New Concerns About Kids Overdosing on Cough and Cold Medicines
Thoughts From a Hospital Bed: And what it means to be healthy, or unhealthy, in the United States of 2017.
TIME - The World Is Not Ready for the Next Pandemic
Did anyone do americorps before getting their MPH?
Radiation Health Physicist Interested in Industrial Hygiene
What made you choose your degree and where can you work with a bachelors?
What textbooks or educational books would you recommend? Can be on any topic related to public health
Merit of MD in public health?
Statisticians/Biostatisticians in Industry, how much does the degree title matter?
OH, LOVELY: THE TICK THAT GIVES PEOPLE MEAT ALLERGIES IS SPREADING
Lead found in 20% of baby food samples
Daily dose of cannabis extract could reverse brain's decline in old age, study suggests
The Science of Forest Therapy and the Legacy of the Japanese 'Forest Bathing'
FDA approves new, cheaper rival to EpiPen allergy shot
Teenagers' tobacco use hits a record low, with a sharp drop in e-cigarettes
"Broken Record Syndrome: my life with chronic 'earworms' - songs looped in head constantly
SECOND OPINION | The science of sitting - Health
Damaged teeth can be regrown naturally using an Alzheimer's drug, scientists discover
The Disputed Death of an 8-Year-Old Whose Organs Were Donated
A giant coalition of states is investigating opioid manufacturers
An Anti-Addiction Drug Called Ibogaine Could Be a Wonder Cure Or an Addict Killer
Why you should replace coconut oil with healthier fats
The best and worst countries to be a kid
BBC News: Coconut oil 'as unhealthy as beef fat and butter'
Obese women more likely to have babies with serious birth defects, says study
No longer the hot new thing? Teen vaping falls, study says
Why California's Climate Change Fight Is Also About Public Health
Coconut oil isn't healthy. It's never been healthy.
Experimental cancer drug shows promise: New study suggests GGTI-2418 can block one specific protein from binding to and degrading another protein known for killing cancer cells.
America—Especially Gay America—May Be on the Cusp of an STD Epidemic. What’s to Blame?
French fries, other fried potatoes could lead to early death, research suggests
Maine raccoon drowned by woman jogger in scary encounter
Patients May Face Big Bill Markup in ER, Study Finds - Patients are charged 340 percent more than what Medicare pays for ER visits.
Can Gizmos Cure Insomnia?
'Supersizing Urban America': How U.S. Policies Encouraged Fast Food To Spread
Could Drones Help Save People In Cardiac Arrest?
Newly discovered cellular pathway may lead to cancer therapies
The head of the Michigan health department was charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter, the highest-ranking member of Gov. Rick Snyder’s administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of Flint’s lead-contaminated water
SciAm: Why I Won't Get a PSA Test for Prostate Cancer
Sulforaphane and Sulforaphane supplements is vital cure for cancer·
Gwyneth glows like a radioactive swan at the Goop festival
Overexposure to insecticides has bred resistance in the parasites, making it harder than ever to treat infestation
5 Scientifically Proven Health Benefits of Traveling overseas - USA UPDATED
Meet the Cambridge scientist on verge of curing Multiple Sclerosis
More than 2 billion people overweight or obese, new study finds
As U.S. Heroin Use Reaches 20-Year High, Cost to Society Soars
Science Calls Out Jeff Sessions on Medical Marijuana and the "Historic Drug Epidemic" - Rolling back protections from federal interference in state legalization laws could worsen the opioid overdose crisis
Study: 1 in 5 hospitalized adults have side effects from antibiotics
FBI raids Sovereign Health rehab chain's sites across Southern California
Vegetarian diets almost twice as effective in reducing body weight, study finds
Drug that creates a 'real sun-tan' could prevent cancer - Scientists have developed a drug that mimics sunlight to make the skin tan, with no damaging UV radiation involved.
Police warned of drug so powerful it can kill in one breath
Wildfire prevention and risk reduction for children’s health and wellbeing (by UNEP and UNICEF), via r/peatlands
Private Practice OIT for peanut allergies in Dallas in the news
9 Amazing Benefits &amp; Uses of Isabgol &amp; Its Side Effects
Man Has 30 Lbs Of Feces Removed From Intestines; How Hirschsprung's Disease Caused Impacted Megacolon [NSFW?]
Mountains of used medical supplies were discovered being 'recycled' in China
Fevers during pregnancy raise autism risk, new study shows
Aspirin 'major bleed' warning for over-75s
Sherman nurse's 'wait to bathe' newborns policy adopted by hospitals
Surgeons separate twin girls joined at the head
People more likely to eat vegetables with seductive names that sound unhealthy
The use of low-dose naltrexone (LDN) as a novel anti-inflammatory treatment for chronic pain
Teen dances to the beat after lifesaving heart transplant
Where cigarette smoking's damage is done -- down to your DNA
Resistance to last-ditch antibiotic has spread farther than anticipated - Emergence of colistin resistance in farm animals around the world takes researchers by surprise.
Dog owners on average walked 22 minutes more per day compared to people who didn't own a dog, in a study published in the journal BMC Public Health.
Young stroke victim warns of symptoms
Eating a low carb breakfast may make you a more tolerant person
Smell Test May Sniff Out Oncoming Parkinson's and Alzheimer's
Fever in pregnancy tied to higher risk of autism
E-cigarettes not as addictive as tobacco cigarettes, Penn State College of Medicine researchers show through PATH study
University of Iowa researchers confirm BPA, used in food and drinks packaging, is associated with increased obesity in humans, and is first to find no links between obesity and either BPF or BPS, chemicals used as substitutes to BPA, using nationwide population-based data from the CDC.
How astronauts are keeping you healthy from 250 miles up
Diabetes drug found to reduce heart and kidney disease risk
Arthritis drug could cure severe heart condition - aortic valve stenosis
Athletes' Microbiomes Differ from Nonathletes | Researchers are beginning to uncover a link between activity level and the microbial makeup of one’s gut
Insomnia not purely psychological condition: Insomnia genes found
Alcohol availability, neighborhood poverty and their relationship to binge drinking and related problems
Weight-related deaths can affect non-obese too
How can a child die of toothache in the US?
Obesity rising in nations rich and poor, especially in kids
New Cancer Drug Is So Effective Against Tumors, the FDA Approved It Immediately
Sweet sizzlin' beans! Fancy names may boost healthy dining
Climate change drives Valley Fever to soar 800% in the U.S. Southwest - As the region dries out, infections from inhaling soil-dwelling fungus see stunning jump.
Recalled Birth Control Pills Could Mean Unintended Pregnancies
Raw milk, cheese cause 840 times more illnesses than pasteurized products
Insurance policy | How health insurance changed from protecting patients to seeking profit
Legalising marijuana will boost California's economy by $5 billion, study finds
Cary Grant was one of the first to benefit from LSD therapy
The Mexican doctor rehydrating the dead - Beginning in the 1990s, Ciudad Juárez became infamous for a staggering number of young women disappearing. "They find only bones." This forensic doctor has developed a special technique to rehydrate corpses in order to identify them.
An anti-depressant has been found to fight brain cancer - Fluvoxamine, an anti-depressant, inhibits human glioblastoma invasion by disrupting actin polymerization
A Fertility Doctor Impregnated Patients with His Own Sperm - A Netherlands doctor secretly fathered at least 19 donor-conceived children in his own fertility clinic.
Milk alternatives stunt kids’ height, says doctor with dairy industry ties - The study has several weaknesses and the author wasn’t exactly forthcoming.
Prescription drug addiction 'to overtake heroin use' in UK
Obesity plus drinking is gaining on smoking in cancer death risk
'Cancer Alley' residents say industry is hurting small town: 'We're collateral damage' - Pastor Harry Joseph has buried 5 residents in the past 6 months, all victims of cancer.
Texas’ Maternal Mortality Rate is Worst in Developed World
Cholera the plague of the poor people
Snake venom could lead to safer blood clot prevention
Yemen: almost one death per hour as cholera epidemic spreads like wildfire
Type 2 diabetes: Blood glucose testing of little value to some patients
Artificial intelligence can now predict suicide with remarkable accuracy - "In trials, results have been 80-90% accurate when predicting whether someone will attempt suicide within the next two years, and 92% accurate in predicting whether someone will attempt suicide within the next week."
Heroin Vaccine Could Turn Body's Defenses Against the Drug
Just a little alcohol during pregnancy may alter baby's facial features
Crimean-Congo Fever under Full Control in Iran: Minister
Heroin use in the United States was estimated to cost society more than $51.2 billion in 2015 ($50,799 per heroin user), according to new research at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Monitoring your blood pressure? Careful, 70% of home devices may be inaccurate
Yet another study shows that—surprise!—'abstinence-only' sex education just doesn't work
Advice on what to do after undergrad
What are some lesser-known, good quality MPH programs?
Is lead in the US food supply decreasing our IQ?
Community college
Just rejected from MPH programs (Canada); need advice whether to do more undergrad or work experience
Should I do a dual degree?
Michigan health chief Nick Lyon charged with involuntary manslaughter in Flint water probe, accused of failing to alert the public about an outbreak of Legionnaires’ disease [CBS News, 14 June 2017]
Wildfire prevention and risk reduction for children’s health and wellbeing (via r/peatlands)
Assistantships for MPH students at Tulane SPHTM?
Notes from the Field: Two cases of Legionnaires’ disease in newborns after water births — Arizona, 2016 [CDC MMWR, 9 June 2017 — free full-text]
Are African footballers more susceptible to heart attacks? “Medical research seems to suggest that there are good reasons to think that this is a serious issue” [BBC, 14 June 2017]
Is there an MPH bubble? Looking for yearly counts of the number of MPH programs, number of graduates by concentration, etc.
Moving towards better global foodborne disease surveillance [ECDC news, 8 Jun 2017]
Health care–associated Legionnaires’ disease surveillance data from 20 states and a large metropolitan area — United States, 2015 [CDC MMWR, 9 June 2017 — free full-text]
Looking for ideas on how to celebrate Americans with disabilities month
Prenatal fever and autism risk [Mol. Psychiatry, 13 June 2017 — free full-text]
Identification of donor microbe species that colonize and persist long term in the recipient after fecal transplant for recurrent Clostridium difficile [npj Biofilms &amp; Microbiomes, 7 June 2017 — free full-text]
PulseNet International: Vision for the implementation of whole genome sequencing (WGS) for global food-borne disease surveillance [Eurosurveillance, 8 June 2017 — free full-text]
Preliminary epidemiology of human infections with highly pathogenic avian influenza A(H7N9) virus, China, 2017 [Emerg Infect Dis., June 2017 — free full-text]
Donor microbes persist for up to two years after a fecal transplant to treat recurrent Clostridium difficile infection [Uni of Alabama at Birmingham news, 13 June 2017]
MPH in environmental health or public health administration and policy?
Help with using PERIE model for public health.
Stanford MS in Epidemiology and Clinical Research
What are some diseases that are more common in developed nations than developing nations?
Looking for website that shows disease prevalence by country over time.
Questions about pursuing an MPH abroad in the UK
MPH - Epidemiolgogy - International tracks - Tulane and More
MPH in Epidemiology?
Are there any Commissioned Corps folks in here? Can you speak to your experience?
MCAT Scores for MPH programs?
Advice on University of Maryland and General Advice on PhD
Course recommendations for undergrad seeking an MPH
CDC’s Public Health Surveillance of Cancer
Precision Public Health: Harnessing the Power of the Human Microbiome
Offered scholarship to pursue MPH. Now having doubts about my math/stats
As a field, can we please all agree to a better name than "public health professional" when asked our profession? Post your suggestions here.
Boston University School of Public Health Student Life
Tell Me Everything About Industrial Hygiene
BSPH and MPH Epidemiology
Physician Wanting Public Health Career...How to Proceed?
Any resources for a somebody new to the field to learn about urban health disparities and community organizing in the US?
Can anyone share their experience or take on working with MSF?
CDC Cuts Threaten our Health and our Economy -- good blog post on funding cuts
Interested in Public Health Volunteer Work
Study: Texas has highest maternal mortality rate in developed world
Where to Study Public Health
10 Children’s Books to Help Families Explain Alzheimer’s and Dementia to Young Ones
Benefits of PeaceCorps/AmeriCorps or similar programs to help pay for MPH?
Efficacy of maternal influenza vaccination against all-cause lower respiratory tract infection hospitalizations in young infants: Results from a randomized controlled trial
Soda taxes are a sweetener for public health efforts
SOPHAS Deadlines
Those of you with research-focused Epi careers, what is your job like?
Master of Public Health School Location
PTSD bar me from commission as lcsw in phs?
Where to find epubs for standard MPH texts?
What jobs can I get with a BSc in Biomedical Science and a MSc in Cancer Pathology?
What jobs can I get with a bachelor of science in Medical Lab Science (MLS) combine with an MPH in Epidemiology?
Want to do my PhD after my MPH. Does it matter what discipline my publications are in from my RA position?
Where to look for entry level work in the UK with an MPH?
Looking For MPH Career Mentorship
Has anyone ever done a practicum in two different locations for their MPH?
What jobs are there in public health outside of research and admin?
MPH Program and Financial Aid
Advice on applying to MPH Programs/Chances?
Public Health Book Recommendations
Paying for grad school in the age of Trump
I have zero interest in a PhD. Should I take the time to format my Master's thesis for publication or would the time be better spent on other things?
What's the best way to learn about the healthcare system in America?
Need advice on college major including public health/nutrition
Excess weight and multimorbidity: putting people’s health experience in risk factor epidemiology [The Lancet Public Health, 19 May 2017 — free full-text]
Financing of international collective action for epidemic and pandemic preparedness [The Lancet Global Health, 18 May 2017 — free full-text]
Explosive remnants of war: a public health threat [The Lancet Public Health, 18 May 2017 — free full-text]
Fat shaming makes people fatter
As Nursing Homes Evict Patients, States Question Motives
Settled for mediocrity my undergrad years... Now i want to pursue something higher and I'm afraid I won't be accepted anywhere!
If you could ask anyone for idea of how to solve a public health crisis, who would you ask?
Online media reporting of suicides: analysis of adherence to existing guidelines — “…the majority of articles included in the study failed to meet the guidelines for the responsible reporting of suicide” [BJPsych Bulletin, 3 April 2017 — free full-text]
good epi/biostatistics reference books and refreshers
When will it finally click? “…even today, not everyone buckles their seat belt, even though it has been proven over and over that a seat belt is the best lifesaving measure in the event of a crash…” [NTSB Safety Compass, 25 May 2017]
Obstacles to Organ Donations: The Dire State of Kidney Transplantation
MPH Concentration Advice
Zika virus spread undetected for many months, NIH-supported study finds — Virus quickly spread in the Americas, then diverged into distinct genetic groups [NIH/NIAID news, 24 May 2017]
Zika virus evolution and spread in the Americas [Nature, 24 May 2017 — free full-text]
Bachelor's of Science in Health Science
Economic independence in survivors of cancer diagnosed at a young age: A Norwegian national cohort study [Cancer, Dec 2016 — free full-text]
Job in between undergrad and MPH with an interest in health policy and management
UI College of Public Health, Cornell College create new dual degree - University of Iowa College of Public Health
Need help deciding on public health programs between the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine vs. Cambridge
70th World Health Assembly began yesterday.
SNAP/Food stamps cookbook
Help!! Deciding between NYU CGPH's MPH program and BU's MPH Program
This reporting about a concerning public health issue is on point!! (sarcasm)
How do I go about choosing my Master's in college?
Books/podcasts for public health people
Zika virus–associated cognitive impairment in adolescent, 2016 (case vignette) [Emerg Infect Dis., June 2017 — free full-text]
Nutrition-focused job related to big-data/stats/econ for an INTJ?
[Scotland] At least 61 cases of hepatitis A linked to bakery in North Lanarkshire [BBC, 19 May 2017]
[USA] Cryptosporidium infections linked to swimming pools and water playgrounds are increasingly being reported to CDC, with twice as many outbreaks in 2016 than in 2014 [CDC news, 18 May 2017]
Notes from the field: Ongoing transmission of Candida auris in health care facilities — United States, June 2016–May 2017 [CDC MMWR, 19 May 2017 — free full-text]
Using molecular characterization to support investigations of aquatic facility–associated outbreaks of Cryptosporidiosis — Alabama, Arizona, and Ohio, 2016 [CDC MMWR, 19 May 2017 — free full-text]
